[13.0] Create module product_total_weight_from_packaging (#651)
OCA/product-attribute: product_total_weight_from_packaging/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> This module provides a weight calculation function for products based on their

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module provides a function to estimate the weight of a given quantity taking into account the product's```
